this is the source code for
August 26 2004. Hi everybody.
morning, good
evening, good afternoon,
you might be listening to this
whichever day you
might be listening to this. I'm
Curry coming to you from Curry
in Belgium
for as long as we are still
The move towards the UK is
good. Hopefully
we'll have some news about that
week. So it's Thursday is always
hardest day.
If you get up really early like
been doing for the past year,
is just
it's the Thursday dip. It's
really difficult. So just a
scan around the
net a couple of things I want to
about today. After hearing Dan
on IT conversations,
I'm relaying that the Halley
hosts. Dan posted something on
web blog that you
might want to check out at
concept of the iPod platform.
And he writes about IT
and basically all the stuff that
been talking about,
you know, how there are actual
and shows and how the timing of
you get it
may not be that important as
as it's automated and put onto
play out device.
And of course he does note that
technology to do this has been
for quite a while.
But I think now we're finally
on and I'm very happy about
Yesterday I started with the
of my reviews of audiobooks.
So yesterday, what was it?
Oh, anti-Americanism.
And today a book that I read,
big quotes there on the red part
I listened to
read all my books through almost
my books through audiobooks.
I thought it might be
to let you hear what it sounds
when audiobook
has been read by the author.
In this case, Bill Clinton, his
My Little
life, which I was thinking about
I was preparing a clip to play
you today, that
I don't think that I would have
able to get through the entire
if I was actually
reading it. Because I found it,
know, a little bit boring. The
the press in Europe
certainly played it up is, you
well, there's not much in the
but there is
this one bit about Monica
And it's dumb, you know, it's
to hear
about what went on behind the
how policy was put together. I
like
the all the stories about his
election. And just a lot of the
that he had to make during his
and also before and after. But
it may be
because you're listening to the
of the United States read these
or speak
these words that it is
enough to listen to the entire
But it's certainly
not one that, you know, excuse
I'm yeah, I know I have to take
bath, but I'm taking
the iPod with me.
It's not a book like that.
part for you today and I'm going
try and keep a little bit
than the previous
excerpts I've done, where Bill
talks about the fact that he
that he was lying
and that he was betraying his
his family and of course the
public.
And it is nice to hear someone
you know, I fucked up and I did
bad thing.
So I'll play that for you right
from Bill Clinton's My Life.
broke, I called my attorney
Kendall and assured him that I
not sub-orn perjury
or obstructed justice. It was
to both of us that Starr was
to create a firestorm
to force me from office. He was
to a flying start, but I thought
I could survive the
public pounding for two weeks,
smoke would begin to clear the
and the public would
focus on Starr's tactics, and a
balanced view would emerge. I
I had made a terrible
mistake, and I was determined
to compound it by allowing Starr
drive me from office.
For now, the hysteria was
I went on doing my job, and I
denying
what had happened to everyone.
Chelsea, my staff and cabinet,
friends in Congress,
members of the press and the
people. What I regret most other
my conduct is
having misled all of them. Since
I had been called a liar about
under
the sun, when in fact, I had
honest in my public life and
affairs, as all
would show. Now I was misleading
about my personal failing. I was
embarrassed
and I wanted to keep it for my
and daughter and I didn't want
help Ken Star to criminalize
my personal life. It was like
in a nightmare. I was back to my
lives
with the vengeance.
Okay, Bill Clinton from my life
I purchased it on audible.com.
getting paid to say
this but that is a good place to
the most recent audible
And it's recently
simple. Although you do have to
in every single time you come
which is pain in
the ass and sometimes you know
session expires. Oh well. I want
move on to talk
about Dave Sluscher's most
work on the iPod platform and
audio post. But first
I've gotten several messages
iTunes for Windows because
have been working
on Windows scripts. Dave
also has created a new version
the Internet.
created a Windows version of his
script of the getenclosures.pl
has the same
functionality as iPod or only
it's better and I'm using it
But apparently iTunes for
which you can of course use to
up your iPod.
I haven't done it myself but I
it's more or less the same where
dock your
iPod and it syncs up with your
library.
Apparently there's a calm object
iTunes which means you can
it and this was
pointed out to me by several
and therefore I guess it's
or addressable or you
can talk to it.
So if you're interested in
with us and helping out that
would be a
big help if we can figure out
what we can make iTunes do and
it will only
sync with an iPod or if we can
some of its API to connect to
devices because
iPods, yeah there's millions of
out there but they're certainly
the only ones
nor should they be.
Is there some kind of industry
for that?
I mean has anyone even looked
it?
I know I'll look into myself
as well.
So Dave Slusher from
who's also a radio guy, I know
discovered
from his most recent audio post.
He did an entire 21 minute piece
RSS and enclosures
and monetizing on it and how
would work.
And I agree with him on a lot of
and he's saying some really...
I don't know if you guys heard
but my eye chat just started
to me.
He's saying a lot of intelligent
about the asynchronous nature of
iPod platform.
And I think the monetizing bit
where he's talking about
he's talking about being paid
download.
I don't wanna go quite that far.
I think it's, yeah, sponsorship
come into play.
Maybe someone will say, hey,
you let us sponsor
your review of audiobooks.
And one of the reasons I'm doing
not only do I like audiobooks,
I'm sure that there's a market
for people to get reviews about
and here if it's worth worth
What we will need a better way
measuring our success and I, you
yes, there is a pretty broad
and belief in measurement of
views, you need visits with, you
based on server logs, but
still.
There's a lot of caching going
and, you know, and quite frankly
are passed on through other
than hitting the same web
you know, they're relayed from
aggregator to someone's web log.
They're sent via email.
There's so many different ways
it can get, you know, that your
or your content network spreads
So we need a better way of
that and I think that will
come back to a, you know, your
did you get some sales?
sales.
very basic. That is absolutely
most basic way of broadcast
I think it's
called per inquiry. You used to
it a lot at night and probably
on most local stations.
There's a phone number, you call
you order something and then the
gets a
piece of each sale and of course
person who put together the
or whatever
it is. That's called per
I think that that may be a way
go.
Another thing that Dave Sluscher
about is how this asynchronous
is giving us
the power to really listen to
he calls I think packets of
I'll check an
excerpt in a second. We do have
over what we like and so that we
watch it when
we want to and we don't have to
12 a day for 12 consecutive
to make sure
we don't miss any episode of the
of pranos, which gets me to
we need some kind of democratic
engine, you know,
so something that can be as
as Tivo can be based upon all of
behavior anonymously
and that no one controls and can
and monetize on that.
Because I don't think that's
the money is going to be, by the
That's the old way of figuring
out.
I think that they're going to be
If people are going to sponsor
and want to be a part of
communication.
Anyway, let's have a listen to
Slusher because he did figure me
He really understands why I
the iPod or Apple script and
just share with
you because he has a pretty good
for it.
So as we as has been going on
Adam Curry's web log and some of
other people,
he wrote his iPod or script
sort of challenged a couple
people to it was
kind of Tom Sawyer, whitewashing
fence sort of ploy, challenged
of us,
being us to go out and do, you
more fuller featured versions of
same thing, you know, having
a little bit of it.
And making it think it's all our
So there is certainly a Mark
sort of feel to it.
Okay, you got me. Yes, exactly
plan. And I'm very happy it's
I'm great that we're working
even though we haven't even, I
really exchange an email. And
other people out there,
and they're posting stuff, their
and they've got all kinds of
And that's very cool.
And just one more bit of what I
it. Some of Dave's personality.
I'm trying to figure him out,
just from listening to his audio
posts. You can get a real good
of what someone's about
and where they're coming from.
I think he has a real problem
the record industry,
and maybe just with the man in
So that was the wrong one. Here
go.
And really, um, fucked it up.
such a great intro for you,
Here we go.
And really and truly the more I
that's the best.
think about it, this iPod
and kind of asynchronously
for offline
consumption these bundles of
is so much better than streaming
And so I'm again, I'm hoping for
world of delicious irony whereby
around
and making it so that internet
was not economically viable.
They brought about a world with
with much worse potential, much
potential
for changing the world.
And hopefully for reducing the
labels role in it, for
themselves
out of existence because they're
cock suckers and such greedy
that they cannot
possibly allow any other
model come in that may anytime
or in the future ever
compete with them.
So these fucking plutocrats may
really really host themselves
so politically
I kind of hoping that that's the
But anyway, I'm getting out.
The synchronous is the key.
OK.
My audio cut out once or twice
that.
I don't know if that actually
out that way
on the recording, but clearly
passionate about what's
going on in the music industry.
And I think that the music
actually
has a way to help us, which I
to get to in a second.
Just some quick emails and
on the web log that I wanted to
with you.
Because I'd asked several of
where do you listen
to the source code?
What are you working on?
Actually, Peter Oferbakke.
He has a web log at
slash WordPress.
It's iPortunities with double P.
he's
talking about working on a
version of iPotter
that will work on Windows.
Let's see.
Then we have Eric Rice, who says
he not only
listens to the show when he's
but he also replied via his
blog. I look for it but for some
I couldn't find it so I have to
that again Eric.
And Ed also says that there's a
you can use the B script and of
the window scheduler
to accomplish the iPod or stuff.
he points to WarnerFogel's .net
which he had up in
back in October. I think that we
need to connect to iTunes.
the magic piece. It's
not just downloading the files
extracting the enclosures. It's
the final last bits
there is getting it on to the
without any user intervention.
we've really created
something. And Tim Watt who has
radio web blog but just Google
named Tim Watt WATT.
He is blogging the Olympics. I
think that they were allowed to
that and he seems
like he's a journalist himself.
certainly has all kinds of great
and fabulous
pictures and stories on his on
web blog. And I was in the
that no one was allowed to blog
at the Olympics.
Maybe he's just hanging out, but
from England and judging from
blog, he's definitely
a journalist.
He said that he's been listening
the show while he's been there
the last week or
so on the new transport system
Athens.
Going back and forth from the
center each night.
So there you go.
That says a lot about his
He says, I'm going to quote him
I think the Lavino Rolos is
that you've played.
You'll have a special nostalgia
me in the future with the
of cicadas and hot
weather when he's back in rainy
England.
So wow, you know, I reached out
touched someone with the audio
and welcome and
thanks for listening, Tim.
So let me wind up with me the
of the day.
I was thinking that it would be
if we can get the music business
somehow.
And there's one guy and actually
believe Dave Weiner suggested it
me a while ago.
who would at least understand
we're trying to do and see that
something there
that needs to be built and can
done and that you don't
have to monitor
it on a better way. And I'll
you a little story about him
this song.
You sign of the times, it's
In fact, the skinny man tied up
big disease with a little name.
If I'd chances, gefric came
a needle and soon changed it the
At home, now 70 year old boys
their ideal phone.
Is being in a gang called a
high on crack.
♪ I told no machine ♪
I'm gone
Time
Her cane and her rips ceiling
a church and kill everyone
Turn on a telly and every other
is telling you somebody die
I said stick you to me because
couldn't afford to feed it
We'll send the people to the
except them and my cousin tried
read before the very first time
Now he's doing horse, it's June
Time
♪ Sitting on ♪
♪ I know I get shit mixed ♪
♪ And the body still flies ♪
♪ Good man ain't at me ♪
Oh, at night
Time
Baby, make a speech, Star Wars
Navy should shine home
But if a night falls, little bum
Would be by sea to dawn
Time
It's a setting note with rocket
And everybody's knew what was
Something, can't eat
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
Thanks for the time!
Time, time, time, time. Time,
Best with your mind, for the
who live, this fall in love, you
have a break, call it late.
It's a bull. Time, time.
That's Prince, sign of the times
I want to tell you why I think
he would be great to work on
First of all, we already know he
in a download platform and a
for downloads because
he's one of the first musicians
really dive into that head
Check out
Secondly, he's very intelligent
very wired and knows exactly
he's doing.
what's going on and it's very
And I can attest to that because
met him
and was invited to Paisley Park
I was in Minneapolis doing a
for,
yeah, of course, Sam Goody's
land.
And it was like a three or four
shoot
and on the second or third day
in the quarter to 12, he almost
There was, you know, got a phone
and someone said, hey, you know,
Prince has a little party going
at the studios.
Do you want to come?
And that's where Paisley Park
are
and that's where Prince's from
Cities.
And so, you know, are you
And I said, well, let me think.
Yeah.
And I said, well, great,
because the car is waiting
All right, this is cool.
So, hopping the car, go over and
about,
I guess it was a 35 minute
And then all of a sudden there's
Park,
all lit up in purple, you know,
of sitting up on a hillside.
through beautiful white metal
There's very indirect lighting
and ushered into a room which
probably,
I don't know, maybe half a
field.
And there was nothing but
people there.
And there was all kinds of
tunes
that I'd never heard before.
All kinds of incredible stuff
DJ playing them live
from CDs and mini discs and, you
clearly all kinds of unreleased
material.
It was great, all kinds of
food set to one side.
Everybody and, you know, nice,
everything was white and
dressed nicely.
And Prince was over there
by a sound stack
or actually the speakers behind
speakers.
Just kind of checking everyone
and I said,
you know, I gotta go over and
to him.
No, no, no, you can't do that.
What do you mean I can't do
Well, you know, like you're
tall and you're white.
I'm like, fuck you.
They invited me, I'm well, thank
for inviting me.
to win over and first of all
not as small as you think he is
that's that's like an urban
he is and he wasn't a
checked you know it wasn't like
was wearing extremely high heels
just from what I'd heard about
I expect him to be
really small and I'm six three
six yeah six four and just isn't
like that
and he knew he'd been watching
he knew what the latest shows
that I'd done and we talked
music and
talked about Europe and you know
thanked him for you know for
me to this place and yeah you
he's he was just
really much more normal guy than
would think or maybe he comes
in his performance and even I
maybe I'm more
blasay than next but I was
surprised and you know then I
back had a drink turned around I
see him
and half an hour later or maybe
was an hour and a half later you
party was over and that
is indicated by the security
coming in and just kind of
flashing their
flashlights on the ground, just
of flashing around everyone
oh it's time to go,
and the music goes down a little
and level, and we all walk out
the metal detector again,
and I was driven home.
my Prince story for you. And who
maybe someone will hear this and
say, you know,
yo, Prince, his royal badness,
going on on the internet. You
want to check
out Stranger Things have
Okay, I'm going to get this up
the server. Tomorrow
will be Friday, which is my
14th birthday. So I will be
a show. I'm not
quite sure what time, but we're
we're excited. We're not half as
as she
is about to no longer being 13.
I'll talk to you tomorrow on
edition of the
source code and see you then.
Bye.
.
♪♪
♪♪♪♪
Power of the door is gone.